# Rscripts for visualization

**1 Draw boxplot for VIBRANT result**

The input file is "VIBRANT_result_summary.txt". The output figure is "VIBRANT_result_summary.png".

[script] 01.draw_boxplot_for_VIBRANT_result.R

**2 Draw boxplot for phage length and completeness**

The input file is "phage_scaffold_and_vMAGs_length_and_completeness_info.txt" which was generated by "02.parse_to_get_phage_scaffold_and_vMAGs_length_and_completeness_info.pl". The output figure is "Phage_scaffold_or_bin_length_and_completeness.png".

[script] 02.parse_to_get_phage_scaffold_and_vMAGs_length_and_completeness_info.pl

[script] 03.draw_boxplot_for_phage_length_and_completeness.R

**3 Draw stack boxplot for scaffold binning state**

The input file is "Scaffold_to_binning_state_before_and_after_binning.txt" which was generated by "04.parse_to_get_scaffold_to_binning_state_before_and_after_binning.pl". The output figure is "Scaffold_binned_unbinned_percentage.png".

[script] 04.parse_to_get_scaffold_to_binning_state_before_and_after_binning.pl

[script] 05.draw_stack_boxplot_for_scaffold_binning_state.R

**4 Draw boxplot for phage genome length for each CheckV quality category**

The input file is "Bin2checkv_quality_and_length.txt" which was generated by "06.parse_to_get_all_phage_geome_completeness_to_length_info.pl". The output figure is "Bin2checkv_quality_and_length.png".

[script] 06.parse_to_get_all_phage_geome_completeness_to_length_info.pl

[script] 07.draw_boxplot_for_phage_genome_length_for_each_checkv_quality_category.R

**5 Draw barplot for bin member number (number of scaffolds in a bin) distribution**

The input file is "Bin_member_number_distribution.txt" which was generated by "08.parse_to_get_bin_member_number_distribution.pl". The output figure is "Bin_member_number_distribution.png".

Note: Only the bin member numbers with frequency > 1%  were shown in the resulted figure.

[script] 08.parse_to_get_bin_member_number_distribution.pl

[script] 09.draw_barplot_for_bin_member_number_distribution.R